=====================================

-------------------------------------
I am Azuka Morioka, solidity expert from Tokyo.
I graduated from two universities during 8 years. During that time, I had Bachelor of Computer Science and Master of Software Engineering (MSE).
My major subject is Computer Science.
I have worked in some companies in several countries.
There, I worked as a Full-stack developer who designed database architecture and made the workflow.
I enjoy overcoming the challenges. 
Of course, until now, there were no special obstacles and challenges for me.
So I don’t know exactly how difficult it is to overcome challenges.
But I just want to improve my skills and tech skills by overcoming challenges.
Of course, now trying to get the job from your company is also another challenge for me.
But I will do my best to work with you.
And also I enjoy working with teamwork. I mean, I prioritize and value the team spirit as the most important thing.

I have worked in full stack engineering for my entire over 7 years career and my commitment to critical thinking and attention to detail have gotten me to where the Game  engineer in Ikayzo Company.
I am a self-motivated, energetic collaborator who thrives on working in a fast-paced environment with tight deadlines and have a desire to stay updated on current and new technologies.
So I have engaged as a role of leader in this company, contributing to make an innovative result and better progress. 

And I move into the CubixOasis Labs Company in Tronto, Canada due to business contract between two companies and I come to work in that company. CubixOasis Labs Technology is 2D/3D game development company using Unity and I had duty of raising the business up and I did my best for it.

Due to pandemic, I had to end up my role in this company in 3 years, and now since then I worked as Blockchain Engineer in Oasis Labs, California via Remote.
I had received lots of jobs relevant blockchain and I performed the projects perfectly in my client's comfortable stand.
I have saved wide range and plenty of experiences in blockchain industry so far, and I am highly skilled in Defi business such as IDO, Airdrop/Presale, NFT Marketplace, AMM ...

I have rich experience in Ethereum, Binance, Polygon, Solana Chain and etc.
Also, Uniswap and Pancakeswap, Kangaswap, OlympusDao Fork as Defi site.
In special, I love to demonstrate my smart contract with solidity and unit test.
ERC20/ERC721 and NFT1155, BEP20/BEP721, tools like Hardhat, Truffle
Having the experience in this niche for 3 years, Staking, Vesting, Yield Farming, Add Liquidity and Dex Router like UniswapRouter, NFT marketplace and IPFS, Opensea.

I have keen insight into what it takes to run a successful project because I have taken part in different successful projects across from startup to multi vendors.

My career goal is to have an opportunity to learn and grow my skills from a technical standpoint, and a chance to show more skills over time. After reading the job description for this role, it sounds like this could be a good match for what I’m looking for.
I'd love to work for the company, innovative and ready to expand.
I think your company is exactly the one what I am looking for.


------------------------------------------------------------------
5. What interested you about our position?

I am interested in this job because I thought it gives many things for me to do.Before facing this time, I had so many things to investigate.
First the roles of your company are Solidity and React, especially I am highly skilled in Solidity.
I have rich experiences with those skills.
6 years of experiences with React and Node.js and 4 years experiences with Solidity.
So I can complete any task that you give me and I can bring a lot of profit to your company.
Second, I guess there will be so many talented tech developers and engineers who have high skills and technologies. I just want to learn a lot from them and compare my skills with them.
Third, there will be great managers who have high skills and leadership including you.
In the past, I studied business once. I just want to learn a lot from you.
I mean if you accept me, I will do my best for you and me
I love working in a startup, Until now, I have worked in companies which have pretty been growing up and expanded, thus what I did in that role is kind of maintenance and tend to be passive in terms of creativity.
But this company has really much things valuable to do like Ronday Virtual Reality and I was so excited it is all what I would do.
I really want to contribute the prosperity and development of this company from starting point as one of pioneers.

--------------------------------------------------
2. what is your greatest achievement?

In my most recent role, I was responsible for managing the orientation and training programs for our new hires. Unfortunately, the content was not so good. While it was necessary information for our new hires to have, we found that only 40% of new hires did not complete the training. We were also receiving poor feedback on the course evaluation forms. I decided to rework the training program to make it more relevant and interesting, based on industry best practices and feedback on the evaluation forms. Today, 90% of participants complete the training and provide positive feedback about their experience. My manager was so pleased with the improvements that he asked me to lead a training seminar.


Final Round:
strengths and weaknesses, asking and answering questions, and personality and professionalism.

https://careersidekick.com/final-interview-questions/

----------------------------------------------------------------------
3. What are you passionate about?

My biggest passion is learning about software and technology. I was fascinated with computers from a young age,so I decided to study Computer Science in college and I’ve continued in that direction since graduating. It’s been a great choice for me! As a blockchain engineer, I get to shape how the internet is progressing and how websites are evolving from online to onchain, and that’s exciting to me.
My final goal is that I would like to do something for the world.

-----------------------------------------------
4. What motivates you?

What motivating me to choose a developer career was time to have an opportunity to read the
book "How to become a Genius".
I wanted to become Genius like others, and I have a role model in deep mind.
It was versatile according to specific events or stories that I have ever encountered.
Thus, they  sometimes became Neil Armstrong or Albert Einstein.
While reading this book, I was moved about the expression, "Where I am today is my starting
point. Who I am today is my starting point. My failures and successes of the past, my fears and
hopes of the future are all shadows. Today is my reality, and I’ll use it to create my world"
Based on this query, I reminded myself what my strength is and what to do.
That lead me to here, over 8  years of developer career.

-----------------------------------------------------------------
7.  What did you like most and least about your last job?

-Least

The company was growing quickly, so it was a bit disorganized and I often had multiple supervisors and senior team members giving me different instructions. However, I think this was a great opportunity to improve my ability to work under pressure and my communication skills. For example, I had to learn to communicate clearly and quickly to clarify with my managers and team if there was a conflict in what I had been asked to do. I enjoyed most aspects of the job and I ended up liking working in such a fast-paced environment in the end. It just took some adjustment. It was a great learning experience for me.

-Most

I love how the company offered learning opportunities and seemed to care about helping their employees develop and grow professionally. They had weekly lunch meetings where we’d learn a new topic, they offered tuition reimbursement, and all of the senior leadership team was very approachable and supportive.


-----------------------------------------------------------------

8. What sets you apart from other candidates?

I have a great willingness to learn. I think many prospects may expect to be hired for this position and not continue to cultivate their skills, but that is a priority.


-----------------------------------------------

9. Do you have other interviews happening?

Honestly, I’m interviewing with a few companies for a range of positions, but they all come down to delivering an excellent experience.
But this company is really valuable to work for me and great fit in my interest.
So I am really focusing on the interview with this company.


------------------------------------------------------------------
11. Do you want to tell us anything else about you?

I don’t have anything else to add. I feel like we covered the important topics, and I was able to share the key pieces of my background and how they’d help me perform well in the role. It was great learning about the role, 
[and the opportunity to do XYZ in this position sounds especially interesting.]


---------------------------------------------------------------
13. What is my strength and weakness?

- strength

As mentioned, I have experience working as a frontend, backend side and full-stack developer.
Of course, I don’t know exactly if this experience will be helpful  or not for your work.
However, in this period I have so many experiences in NodeJS, their frameworks or libraries including Nuxt, Next, React, Vue.
If you accept me, I will try to give you great satisfaction and success.
You probably will be satisfied.
There is one sample for you. You probably know or not about splitchek.com.
I attended the development of this site as project manager.
Last year we developed this site.
Of course, now this site is being modified and maintained. The frontends was developed with React and Backend side was developed with node js and GraphQL.
Anyway, I can cooperate and cowork with teammates because I had so many experiences as a project manager and Full-stack developer.


My strength is creativity and tenacity. Being able to gather client’s requirements and translate those into an engaging, effective and unique website is what has helped me obtain over 400 positive reviews.
I love failure, learn from failure and how to deal with failure next time.
thus being optimistic , never give up to realize dream.

- weakness

I always try to avoid confrontation, in both my personal and professional life. This caused me to compromise sometimes on the quality of my work or what I needed to complete a project just to keep the peace. This became a real problem when I became a manager. One of the most critical aspects of managing people is telling them what they need to hear and not what they want to hear. I recognized this weakness and had been actively working to voice my opinions constructively and helpfully for the betterment of the team.




-----------------

10. What is your desired salary?

My current salary is $70,000, which is the maximum compensation that my employer allows for this position. As this job has a greater number of responsibilities, I'm seeking a 10% increase in my salary and asking for $80,000.


------------------------------------------------

6. Where do you see yourself in 5 years?

In five years, I would like to become an engineering lead or team manager. As a web developer with your business, I know I would be able to take on a number of wide-ranging responsibilities related to the company’s web efforts. This would help me refine my knowledge of all areas of the company’s stack, which could then be applied in a managerial role further down the line.


----------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------

12. Do you have any questions?

- What does it take to do the job really well?
- What are the greatest challenges?
- It is important to me to get into my area of ??responsibility quickly. Will there be someone who will familiarize me with everything and show me everything in the first few weeks? 
- Can you talk about company culture?
- What is the greatest challenge facing the company?
- What are the company's goals for the upcoming year?


How are you?
I hope you are safe from the suffer of covid-19 disease.
Organized, collaborative, and highly skilled frontend developer with 6+ years of professional experience in dynamic and deadline-driven work environments.

I am looking for a remote, long-term job now and I will do my best for the job, if I face the job what I want.
I have 4 years of experience in React Native development expertise level.
My English level is B2 and I’ ve got great technical communication skills and I can express my thoughts clearly.
I mastered technology of logic, algorithms and the basics of engineering.
I have developed large-scale React and Typescript projects relevant eCommerce and blog sites before and I have expertise experience with developing the landing page of Shopify site and improving the SEO and performance by using Next.js.
I can work without micro-management and constant guidance, but rather can understand the high-level needs and the tasks needed and take it from there.
I can collaborate with the team in all process of the business strategy & the architecture of the systems for your product.
I always provide clean and well-structured code, with detailed specifications. So my product is easy to analysis, scale for even other junior developers.
And I implement ‘pixel perfect’ and responsive design that works across different browsers, on mobile and desktop, according to specifications provided.
I get used to create code that has great test and exception coverage to avoid pit pool in the future.

I have extensive experience working both alone and as part of a team on often time-sensitive, challenging web & mobile app development projects that require outstanding creative and technical capabilities and the ability to ensure all work is optimized across a wide range of platforms.

💯 My Skills 💯
  ⚡ Programming languages: JavaScript, Typescript, HTML, CSS, jQuery
  ⚡ Environment & Frameworks: React.js, Angular, Node.js, Express.js, Vue.js, Ionic, Socket.io, Loopback, Serverless
  ⚡ Databases: MongoDB, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Firebase
  ⚡ Could services: AWS, Heroku, Google Cloud, Digital Ocean
  ⚡ Payment Gateway Integration: PayPal, Stripe, MangoPay, Payfort, Google pay
  ⚡ Third-party Integration: Google, Facebook, Twitter, CoinBase, Mapbox
  ⚡ Project & Source Management: GitLab, GitHub, Bitbucket, Teamwork
  ⚡ AWS knowledge: EC2, SES, SNS, S3 Bucket, Lambda, DynamoDB
  ⚡ Mobile App(for Android & iOS): React Native, Flutter, Swift, Kotlin, Java, Ionic Framework
🎯 Achievements 🎯
  ▪️ Deep understanding of codebase.
  ▪️ Handle large scale Web application
  ▪️ Handel website load perform
  ▪️ Clean and high-performance code
  ▪️ Well commenting in every function
  ▪️ Re-usable components
  ▪️ Mature with team player
  ▪️ Speedily understanding my task
  ▪️ Dynamic thinking, taking challenges to solve complex problems
  ▪️ Love to learn something new
✅ Working Model ✅
  👉 METHODOLOGY - Agile
  👉 AVAILABLITY - 40+ hours per week
  👉 COMMUNICATION - Project management tool  + your preferred IM
  👉 REPORTING - Daily Work updates

I take my work as a full-stack developer seriously and this means I always ensure my skills are kept up to date within this rapidly changing industry.
I would like to build a long-term career that will let me focus on professional growth.
If you hire me as your Developer, I assure you I will fit into your team quickly, I will always put the commercial needs of your business at the forefront of everything I do.
I promise only the top quality, fast turnaround, and great communication.
You will be reported with the intermediate deliveries and project status every day and you will be able to take control over the whole progress.
Whether it is a small or big project, I will always be aware that they are highly important to the client and I will do my best.

Please feel to free to contact with me.
Thank you.