Next.js

⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Thank you for visiting my proposal.
I wish you are health from COVID-19 virus diseases.
☀ The way a page appears and the design of the website that users see and interact with may make your business fall or grow!
Enthusiastic Front-End Developer who loves to create effective websites and work with businesses to help them grow.
I am a responsible and purposeful person, I can easily undertake the development and fit for this job, because I have expertise frontend experience with React.js and Next.js based on Typescript for several years. I can design any complex, responsive and diffucult-level Landing Page providing SEO, performance & user engagement with Next.js.
And I enjoy working with styled component method based on my creative idea in frontend development and I have ever used UI templates such as Material UI & Ant Design in many times. I give importance to pixel-perfect, responsive, smart in frontend designing and can apply any animations & transitions to my landing pages with HTML and CSS.
I am familiar to Github operations through many development experience. I usually applied CI/CD to my almost projects according to my clients' demand, so I provided their convenience.
My English level is B2 and I can express my opinions and ideas to clients flexibly, so I provide the wonderful complete of my project. Finally I can work fulltime in your time zone flexibly.

These are my skills:
✪ Front End programming: 
- React.js/Redux/React Hooks, Next.js, Styled Components
- Angular, NgRX, RxJS
✪ Back End programming: 
- Node.js, PHP, Laravel, ExpressJS, Python/Django, ASP.NET
✪ Online Stores: Shopify, WooCommerce, Opencart, Magento.
✪ ExpressJS, Nest.js
✪ Sequelize, Webpack, Babel
✪ HTML, HTML5, CSS, SCSS, Bootstrap 3/4/5
✪ Material UI, Storybook, Ant Design
✪ CMS: WordPress, Shopify, Magento, Django, Drupal.
✪ MySQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL, Database Programming.
✪ Figma, Zeplin, PSD, Sketch

✨ Personal Qualities:
⚡A clean responsive code that will be well displayed in any browser and adapted to any device of any resolution, be it a phone or a tablet, or a widescreen device.
⚡ Fast response and good communication skills.
⚡ well-organized/commented code.
⚡ SEO friendly, semantic markup, and load speed optimization.
⚡Testing and cross-browser / cross-device compatibility.

Best Regards.