Amy:  Hey, this is Amy from Real English Conversations, and today we’re going to be talking about some of the different experiences we’ve had while traveling through various airports. And for the Real English tips we’re going to give you some ways to talk about different time zones.

Amy:  Hey, guys, this is Amy and Curtis, and today we’re going to do a conversation that one of our listeners actually suggested to us. So who was that?

Curtis:  That was Alfredo. And he’s living in Venezuela.

Amy:  No, he is from Venezuela. Curtis:  Oh, okay. Where’s he living?

Amy:  He’s living in Argentina and working as a pilot.

Curtis:  Oh, that’s a cool job.

Amy:  So what did he ask us to talk about?

Curtis:  Well, because he is a pilot, he asked us to talk about some of our experiences in airports.

Amy:  And specifically doing it in another language.

Curtis:  Yeah. This can be tricky at times.

Amy:  Yeah, so if you guys have been listening to the podcasts for a while, you’re going to know we’ve done quite a bit of traveling. I mean, where have we been? We’ve been to…we went to Hawaii.

Curtis:  Yeah.

Amy:  And we’ve been to California. Curtis:  We’ve been to Costa Rica.

Amy:  Yeah. Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Panama, Ecuador. And upcoming we have a trip planned to Ecuador again. And to Colombia. And this next vacation is going to be three months, and I think we might be able to this time when we go to the airports, we might actually have an experience to do the whole process of the customs and like checking in with the customs agent and getting our passports stamped and stuff. I think we might be able to do it completely in Spanish this time.

Curtis:  Yeah. I’m feeling a little more confident, that’s for sure.

Amy:  Yeah. So the last times that we’ve traveled, we’ve really had a fairly limited level of the language.

Curtis:  Yes.

Amy:  You know, because I know when we came back from Ecuador, after we came back, after I had been there for six weeks, I was still just a beginner, looking back now. I thought I was better then than I was, but looking back now I can see I was…I was pretty basic.

Curtis:  And I…I was basic basic. Amy:  You were like a newbie1, like…