Amy: What have you been pulled over1 for?
Curtis: I’ve been pulled over for tailgating2 an ambulance.
Amy: Oh, my God. I didn’t think that was the story he was going to pick.
Curtis: No, this is a very, very bad thing to do. I don’t recommend you doing this.
Amy: Okay. What’s tailgating?
Curtis: Tailgating is following somebody too close. So usually you have to leave a car
length in between the car in front of you and your car. And I at that point …
Amy: Had a very, very bad habit of driving way too close.
Curtis: Right. And in between–or I was in between the emergency ambulance vehicle in
front of me and a police car behind me. But I didn’t know it was a police car because it
didn’t have the lights.
Amy: Oh, it was a ghost car3.
Curtis: It was a ghost car.
Amy: Sneaky4.
Curtis: Or an unmarked car. Yeah.
Amy: Right. An unmarked car.
Curtis: And right away, he turned on his lights that were on his dashboard and the front of 
his car and his siren. And he was mad. 
Amy: He was.
Curtis: But I got lucky5 on that one too. Even though he was mad, he didn’t give me a
ticket.
Amy: Yeah. Sometimes they let you off. They–like they let you off the hook6 or I don’t
know. They give you, what is it? A warning?
Curtis: A warning7

Amy: Yeah, they give you a warning. Don’t do it again. Oh, yeah. It’s a written warning.
And it goes on record that you’ve been warned about this. But they don’t actually give
you a fine.
Curtis: Yeah. He kept track of it for sure.

Phrase Explanations:
Pulled over: Stopped by the police
Tailgating: Driving very closely to the vehicle in front of you
Ghost car: A police car with no lights or markings. Also known as an unmarked car.
Sneaky: Doing something in a secret, unfair or not obvious way
I got lucky: To have good luck unexpectedly
Let you off the hook: When you get caught doing something wrong or illegal and you don’t get punished for it. ‘Let you off’ is the short way of expressing this.
Warning: An official notice that you have been warned not to do something again